---
title: "Poker"
layout: post
# date: 2016-02-24 22:48
# image: /assets/images/markdown.jpg
headerImage: false
tag:
- Math
- Probability
- Poker
category: blog
author: EshaanGandhi
description: How to play poker in college
---
You might be asking, "why should I believe this dude on the internet," and you're right. Why should you believe me? If I were you, I would not believe in whatever I am going to tell you. All I ask you is to try this strategy with low stakes games for a couple of times, and you'll make enough cash to buy yourself a meal, like chipotle. This post is also a running document for me, as a note for me.  

Let's dive right into it. Poker is about probability, and probability is hard. You might be thinking probability is just counting outcomes, and you might be correct to a certain extent. Poker is all about counting the number of outs you have and getting the right odds. It is also trying to avoid the risk of ruin. 

1. Your first goal should be to survive
2. Your second goal should be to minimize losses
3. The third goal is to make some money

College students also "love to play the person." Under no circumstance should you try to play the man? No one knows what they are doing in particular hands. It is very beneficial to note what kind of player a person is. In college, people love to chase hands. If you see a draw getting there, tread with caution, it is reasonable to assume they got there.

People don't like playing with beginners, but all you have to do is wait for them to make a mistake and take their chips. 

Last thing for right now:
Position: This might be the most important thing. I'll keep it simple, you see KJ on the button, you smile, but if you get the same KJ on the small blind, throw that into the muck ASAP. 

The later you have to make a move, the more "looser" you could play, and the more attacking you could play.